[deckhouse-config] new module: use ModuleConfig custom resource for configuration (#1729)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE_CONFIGURE_GLOBAL.md

permalink: en/deckhouse-configure-global.html
---

> The global Deckhouse settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig/global` resource (see [Deckhouse configuration](./#deckhouse-configuration)). They can be thought of as a special global module that cannot be disabled.

Author: "accessible by all modules" is more a knowldge for the developer. I'll remove a note about "special `global` module".

> The global Deckhouse settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig/global` resource (see [Deckhouse configuration](./#deckhouse-configuration)). They can be thought of as a special global module that cannot be disabled.

Reviewer: I suggest the following:
The global Deckhouse settings are stored in ModuleConfig `global`, accessible by all modules.

The document title is Global configuration, so it is better to start with what it is for (it is ..., it is stored ...)

> The global Deckhouse settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig/global` resource (see [Deckhouse configuration](./#deckhouse-configuration)). Global settings can be considered as a special global module that cannot be disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The global Deckhouse settings are stored in the `ModuleConfig/global` resource (see [Deckhouse configuration](./#deckhouse-configuration)). They can be thought of as a special global module that cannot be disabled.
```
